c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Services\Services\obj\Debug\API.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Services\Services\bin\API.dll.config
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Services\Services\bin\API.dll
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Services\Services\bin\API.pdb
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Services\Services\bin\MongoDB.Bson.dll
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Services\Services\bin\MongoDB.Driver.dll
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Services\Services\bin\MongoRepository.Net45.dll
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Services\Services\bin\ServiceStack.Authentication.MongoDb.dll
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Services\Services\bin\ServiceStack.Client.dll
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Services\Services\bin\ServiceStack.Common.dll
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Services\Services\bin\ServiceStack.dll
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Services\Services\bin\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Services\Services\bin\ServiceStack.Text.dll
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Services\Services\bin\MongoDB.Bson.xml
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Services\Services\bin\MongoDB.Driver.xml
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Services\Services\bin\MongoRepository.Net45.xml
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Services\Services\bin\ServiceStack.xml
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Services\Services\bin\ServiceStack.Authentication.MongoDb.xml
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Services\Services\bin\ServiceStack.Client.xml
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Services\Services\bin\ServiceStack.Common.xml
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Services\Services\bin\ServiceStack.Text.xml
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Services\Services\obj\Debug\API.dll
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Services\Services\obj\Debug\API.pdb
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Services\Services\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Services\Services\bin\ServiceStack.Mvc.dll
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Services\Services\bin\ServiceStack.OrmLite.dll
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Services\Services\bin\ServiceStack.OrmLite.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Services\Services\bin\ServiceStack.Redis.dll
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Services\Services\bin\ServiceStack.Server.dll
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Services\Services\bin\WebActivator.dll
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Services\Services\bin\ServiceStack.Mvc.xml
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Services\Services\bin\ServiceStack.OrmLite.xml
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Services\Services\bin\ServiceStack.Redis.xml
c:\users\roberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Services\Services\bin\ServiceStack.Server.xml
